Update redirected URLs from `https` -> `http` (part 18) (#15267)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/1.5/what_s_new_in_1.5_alpha/index.md

---
{{FirefoxSidebar}}

> This page is based largely on [http://www.squarefree.com/burningedg...eases/1.1.html](http://www.squarefree.com/burningedge/releases/) (thanks Jesse).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page is based largely on [https://www.squarefree.com/burningedg...eases/](https://www.squarefree.com/burningedge/releases/) (thanks Jesse).
```
